# Which method is better?
## IP Security Policy Limitations
A secured connection can be made soon after the active server or passive server is restarted, making it a better choice. Configuration is a little more involved than a VPN server\client but no other limitations have been discovered yet.
## VPN Limitations
01. **Configuring the ECX MDC connection during cluster configuration on each server is more difficult.** The VPN server must be installed and configured and the VPN client must be connected in order to configure this. When a VPN connection is established, virtual IP addresses are assigned to the VPN server and the VPN client. The encrypted communication is passed using these two IP addresses. Therefore, a new MDC connection needs to be created with the Cluster WebUI, using the two new IP addresses. This MDC connection must then be given priority for mirror disk communication. In some cases, applying the new MDC connection may not go smoothly and a workaround is necessary.
02. The second problem is **the VPN client does not automatically connect to the VPN server on OS startup.** The solution to this is to create a task in Task Scheduler on the client machine which will make the connection upon OS startup. The syntax is: *C:\Windows\System32\rasdial.exe \<VPN Connection Name\>*. This handles the case where the VPN client is restarted, but does not handle the case where the VPN server is restarted.
03. **A third problem is that the VPN client won't automatically reconnect to the VPN server if the server is restarted.** A possible solution for this case is to have a monitor on the VPN connection and try to reconnect at set intervals when a disconnect is detected.
